Do you think it's the same bunny?
Look,
It is not the same.
Piti, who is our actor,
Actually
It's This one.
It's a Belier rabbit.
If you remember the videos we recorded on rabbit breeds,
Toy Rabbit, little bunny and ears up,
rabbit Aries,
a little bigger
and ears down, ears falling.
But this video is really going
to talk to you about races
In this video, we want to explain
feeding rabbits
and Cunipic's new Naturaliss pet range.
It is a range that is natural.
And what is the new offer? What he offers again
is that we really included ingredients that they consume
directly in the wild and we managed to recreate a diet
as natural as possible and as true to what they actually consume
in their wild life.
This includes a pile of plants,
multifloral meadow hay, lots of hay, dry grass
from a large number of different plants. We also include different rods,
like that of echinacea, that of milk thistle. He also wears vegetables
like for example the carrot
dehydrated ... All this mixed
and balanced so that everything is perfect for rabbit nutrition
adult.
But more important than talking about what he has
it's about talking about what it does not have and here is what you have right next
do not wear extruded.
We removed it from the diet.
What is extruded? Well, the extruded is a
food
mainly composed of cereals
that explodes when it undergoes a strong heat treatment
as we do with the pop-corns at home, when
we put them in the microwave and, when they heat,
they explode. We have a product that weighs little, it is
very
sparse
and, really, what we do is skip a step of digestion, with this
heat treatment.
Denaturalizes the properties of cereals making it easier
to digest and that's very good
and really good too to feed
animals
monogastric, such as carnivores,
like dogs and cats,
but for herbivores and animals
polygastric, he is not good.
The extruded, in addition,
it makes you lose
some of the most important vitamins that have food, like, of course
vitamin C, although in this case, rabbits are able to make them by
themselves.
But not only vitamin C, but also
we lose vitamin A, we lose vitamin K, we lose vitamin B1 and also
folic acid.
However,
what we can do in the diet. That's all there is here.
We can put
a lot of fresh vegetables, although
always in moderation because when
they are not used to it, all the sudden changes of food in rabbits
can be harmful and we must put a lot of hay, too.
Cunipic offers a wide variety of available hay
from a pile of different plants.
The most important thing about hay is to change it because
some plants bring one thing, while other plants provide another. What you can
to do is to alternate with each other. And also fresh vegetables, all with green leaves,
how much more, better.
Also, I wanted to bring you here
also carrots.
Everyone knows that rabbits love carrots, but what
you do not know is that the most important to eat.
are the stems.
It's much more important
for the rabbit eat the stems
than to eat the tuber itself. Nourishes much more
the stem
that the tuber, always in the rabbit, clear
And we included both, dehydrated too
in the new Naturaliss range.
And I will go on to describe a little pictos.
Here you can see them.
Fiber, I will not insist more, is the main component. You also have a
optimum balance of carbohydrates, which includes
the minimum of cereals
possible
but it is true that in some measures it is also necessary
for his diet.
Calcium phosphorus, with which we treat to compensate for vegetables included
so that he has very little calcium,
against what almost everyone thinks, calcium is beneficial and best for rabbits,
because they have a very sophisticated system of calcium absorption
and diets, especially in adults, must be low in calcium. And
finally, the own choice is a
a tip that describes us as we did
a food with what likes rabbit, with what is in nature.